README.md, before:

# TSL Android SDK

This is the official TSL Android SDK repository.

TSL takes care of the infrastructure and APIs needed for live streaming of different types of shows for various channels. Work on your app's logic and let TSL handle live streaming of shows, sending and receiving messages, and reactions.

* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Get Keys](#get-keys)
* [Set Up Your Project](#set-up-your-project)
* [Shows](#shows)
* [Support](#support)

## Requirements

* Android Studio 2022+
* Android 24+

The TSL Android SDK contains external dependencies of PubNub SDK.

## Get Keys

You will need the publish and subscribe keys to authenticate your app. Get your keys from the backend.

## Set Up Your Project

1. You have can include Jitpack to your project by adding the following to the root build.gradle

```groovy
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositoriesMode.set(RepositoriesMode.FAIL_ON_PROJECT_REPOS)
    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
        maven { url = uri("https://jitpack.io") }
    }
}
```

2. Add TSL to your project by including the following dependency to your app gradle file.

```groovy
implementation "com.github.TalkShopLive:android-sdk:versionTag"
```

3. Initialize the SDK using clientKey.

- Parameters:
       - `context`: Application context.
       - `clientKey`: Given secured client key.
       - `debugMode`: Print console logs if true.
       - `testMode`: Switch to staging if true.
       - `dnt`: Switch to do not track.
       - `callback`: Optional callback when the authentication is successful or not.
```kotlin
 TalkShopLive.initialize(context: Context, clientKey: String, debugMode: Boolean, testMode: Boolean, dnt: Boolean)
```

## Shows

### Overview

The TSL Android SDK provides methods for fetching details of a specific show and its current event, enabling you to get show and current event details in your app.

### Methods

#### `getDetails(showId:String, callback: GetDetailsCallback)`

Get detailed information about a specific show.

- Parameters:
    - `showId`: The unique identifier of the show.
    - `callback`: A callback that will be called once the show details are fetched or an error is thrown.

```kotlin
Show.getDetails(showId) { error, show -> }
```

#### `getStatus(showId:String, callback: GetStatusShowCallback)`

Get the current event of a show.

- Parameters:
    - `showId`: The unique identifier of the show.
    - `callback`: A callback that will be called once the show status is fetched or an error is thrown.

```kotlin
Show.getStatus(showId) { error, show -> }
```

## Chat

### Overview

The TSL Android SDK provides methods for fetching user and chat details of a specific show, enabling you to chat as a guest or as a registered user in your app.

### Methods

#### `Chat(jwt: String, isGuest: Boolean, callback: ((String?, UserTokenModel?) -> Unit)`

Initialize the Chat feature.

- Parameters:
    - `context`: The application context.
    - `jwt`: The JWT token for authentication.
    - `isGuest`: Indicates whether the user is a guest.
    - `callback`: An optional callback function to be invoked upon completion.

```kotlin
Chat(jwt, isGuest) { errorMessage, userTokenModel }
```

## Support

If you **need help** or have a **general question**, contact <support@talkshoplive.com>.

Commit message:

AND-15 Chat Initialization Message event listeners Additional Parameters for the show Send Message CamelCase change Update Documentation

README.md, after:

# TSL Android SDK

This is the official TSL Android SDK repository.

TSL takes care of the infrastructure and APIs needed for live streaming of different types of shows for various channels. Work on your app's logic and let TSL handle live streaming of shows, sending and receiving messages, and reactions.

* [Requirements](#requirements)
* [Get Keys](#get-keys)
* [Set Up Your Project](#set-up-your-project)
* [Shows](#shows)
* [Support](#support)

## Requirements

* Android Studio 2022+
* Android 24+

The TSL Android SDK contains external dependencies of PubNub SDK.

## Get Keys

You will need the publish and subscribe keys to authenticate your app. Get your keys from the backend.

## Set Up Your Project

1. You have can include Jitpack to your project by adding the following to the root build.gradle

```groovy
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositoriesMode.set(RepositoriesMode.FAIL_ON_PROJECT_REPOS)
    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
        maven { url = uri("https://jitpack.io") }
    }
}
```

2. Add TSL to your project by including the following dependency to your app gradle file.

```groovy
implementation "com.github.TalkShopLive:android-sdk:versionTag"
```

3. Initialize the SDK using clientKey.

- Parameters:
       - `context`: Application context.
       - `clientKey`: Given secured client key.
       - `debugMode`: Print console logs if true.
       - `testMode`: Switch to staging if true.
       - `dnt`: Switch to do not track.
       - `callback`: Optional callback when the authentication is successful or not.
```kotlin
 TalkShopLive.initialize(context: Context, clientKey: String, debugMode: Boolean, testMode: Boolean, dnt: Boolean)
```

## Shows

### Overview

The TSL Android SDK provides methods for fetching details of a specific show and its current event, enabling you to get show and current event details in your app.

### Methods

#### `getDetails(showId: String, callback: GetDetailsCallback)`

Get detailed information about a specific show.

- Parameters:
    - `showId`: The unique identifier of the show.
    - `callback`: An optional callback that will be called once the show details are fetched or an error is thrown.

```kotlin
Show.getDetails(showId) { error, show -> }
```

#### `getStatus(showId: String, callback: GetStatusShowCallback)`

Get the current event of a show.

- Parameters:
    - `showId`: The unique identifier of the show.
    - `callback`: A optional callback that will be called once the show status is fetched or an error is thrown.

```kotlin
Show.getStatus(showId) { error, show -> }
```

## Chat

### Overview

The TSL Android SDK provides methods for fetching user and chat details of a specific show, enabling you to chat as a guest or as a registered user in your app.

### Methods

#### `Chat(jwt: String, isGuest: Boolean, callback: ((String?, UserTokenModel?))`

Initialize the Chat feature.

- Parameters:
    - `context`: The application context.
    - `jwt`: The JWT token for authentication.
    - `isGuest`: Indicates whether the user is a guest.
    - `showId`: The unique identifier of the show.
    - `callback`: An optional callback function to be invoked upon completion.

```kotlin
Chat(jwt, isGuest, showId) { errorMessage, userTokenModel -> }
```

#### `publish(message: String, callback: ((String?, String?)))`

Publish a message to chat.

- Parameters:
    - `message`: The message that the user wants to send.
    - `callback`: A optional callback that will be called once the message is sent or an error is thrown.

```kotlin
 Chat.publish(message) { error, timetoken -> }
```

## Support

If you **need help** or have a **general question**, contact <support@talkshoplive.com>.
